
¡¡¡¡English hopes for World Cup success have suffered a serious setback with 
the news that striker Wayne Rooney has broken a bone in his foot.
¡¡¡¡20-year-old Rooney collapsed in agony after a harmless-looking tackle 
during Saturday¡¯s Premiership game between Chelsea and Manchester United. He was 
strapped on to a stretcher and carried off the pitch to the applause of 
concerned fans of both sides.
¡¡¡¡Tests revealed that he has fractured the fourth metatarsal on his right 
foot; an injury that will prevent him from playing for at least six weeks. The 
timing of this injury could not be worse given that England must play their 
first World Cup game against Paraguay on June 10th.
¡¡¡¡It seems highly unlikely that the Manchester United player will be fit in 
time for that match. And some experts think it will be impossible for him to 
play at all.
¡¡¡¡One person who does believe that Rooney can make an impact in the World Cup 
is the England manager Sven-Goran Eriksson. On Saturday he told reporters, 
¡°Wayne is a world-class player and we will give him every chance to play in the 
World Cup; with such a huge talent you have to do that.¡±
¡¡¡¡However, Manchester United manager, Sir Alex Ferguson, takes a less 
sanguine view. Ferguson responded to Eriksson¡¯s comments by saying, ¡°We will do 
our best to get the boy to Germany but if he is not fit, he is not going to 
go.¡±
¡¡¡¡Ferguson explained the treatment his young star-player will receive, ¡°Wayne 
will be in plaster for the next few weeks and he¡¯ll be having regular scans to 
see how it is healing.¡± But he also admitted that the injury is a ¡°crippling 
blow¡± for the English team.
¡¡¡¡However, not all is doom and gloom in the English camp. Michael Owen, 
another important English striker who broke his foot in January, has returned to 
play for his domestic team, Newcastle United.
¡¡¡¡On Sunday Newcastle¡¯s manager described Owen as ¡°very close to being 100%¡± 
¨C a comment that makes it seem likely he will be match-fit by June.
¡¡¡¡